Hi 

quick question

Tenon.io will be back tomorrow.


You'll be notified here and by email (mouloud.hamdidouche@trade.gov)


Go for it

when it says not tested in count column

does this mean tenon has this option , it s not just tested for this current url


The things listed as "Not tested" are things we do not currently have tests for. For the most part they're things that cannot be tested reliably or are too subjective/ too complex to test for.
One perfect example is WCAG 1.4.1 "Use of color". This WCAG Success Criteria says "Color is not used as the only visual means of conveying information, indicating an action, prompting a response, or distinguishing a visual element. "
Effectively determining if color is used as the only* *visual means of conveying information, etc. would be too difficult to test for reliably and without a ton of false positives. 
 It is important to understand that no accessibility testing tool can provide complete coverage for WCAG, even at the single Success Criterion level. For instance, although we have over 2-dozen tests for WCAG 1.1.1 there are still tons of ways to violate 1.1.1 that no tool will ever be able to test for.
Automated testing is not a replacement for manual testing, use case testing, or usability testing. Instead, automated testing is an important component of a robust accessibility and quality program aimed at improving efficiency and accuracy at scale.

will it work in other tests

if it is not complicated?

if not, does this mean it s not supported at all by tenon


It means it is not supported at all by Tenon

why it is in the list?

just curios


I don't understand the question

if "Use of Color" for example will always display Not Tested

why do we keep it in the list


Ah, gotcha.  We provide that information because some people want to know which WCAG Success Criterion are tested (or not) by the product.

ok, It makes sense

so what would be display if "not applicable"?

let s say "something about video" and the site I m testing doesn t have videos


Sure.  But that would only be for cases where we have a test for videos but they weren't run (because there isn't any video)

But "Use of Color" is probably always applicable, but not tested (because it can't be done effectively)

correct, so what would be displayed for not applicable


Right now, just "Not Tested".
We do have a feature request for displaying whether a test is relevant or not.

hmm, so if it says Not tested , i can't know if it is not applicable or the tool doesn't support


Correct

hmm, that s bad... my company is looking for a tool, but they wanna detailed analysis before getting one


That makes sense.  Lets set up a time to do a demo 

ok, 

when aree you available


I'll have someone reach out via email to discuss

ok sure

hmouloud1@gmail.com


Sounds good. I'll have someone shoot you an email to schedule

thank you so much,

this tool support API right?


What do you mean?

web services


Yup

that s a good plus 
7:24 pm

thank you
1m ago. Seen



We run on Intercom







